hello Pokemon fans welcome back to let's
play pokemon diamond I'm forget so in
the last episode we were enjoyable if
city and we catchin and abra and the
shins so in this episode we are going to
aggregate mine or good mean and we will
find the gym leader now that was really
good to me and over here you can find a
book of all with an ex the fence so this
is a I don't like this item very much so
let's talk to this tube to this man over
here and let's talk to this little girl
over here now let's go to work with Mia
my ok so in this 9 you can find the
judges Jared's and onyx I don't know if
you can find my job here but whatever
now will face now this man over here now
this one is a mature this man
okay guys now let's catch this book a
ball with the potion in flight now here
you'll find a gym leader of error good
city and the gym leader i think is this
guy over here let's talk to him and see
what he has to offer
so now the gym leader will go back to
his gym and we'll fly to him but first
let the fitness this man over here
so if you go here you can find them
escape rope and let's use this skip rope
to get out of this case so bad items
escape rope now let's go hail our
pokémons and then we will go to forget
Gimli the aggregate city gym leader now
let's turn our first batch but first
let's go to this wrote over here and
catch this and pick this pokeball over
here and according to my analysis I
think it's a pokeball I was saying
potion but what about is better now
let's go back to a good city now let's
go to the gym leader ok let's see what's
this guy's so it's a rock-type gym
leader so water or a fire or a
grass-type are very good for this to me
now let's battle this trainers over here
ok guys thanks for watching today's
episode of let's play pokemon diamond
I'm Poquette and see you on the next
part of let's play pokemon diamond the
next part will fit the first gym leader
see you guys later